[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: As with most things in
JavaScript, however, there are exceptions.
There are ways to cheat this.
The first way to cheat our lexical
scoping model that JavaScript has
is the eval keyword.
Many people like to pronounce
eval as evil, okay.
So eval keyword, what is this all about?
Well, the eval keyword takes any given
string and it treats the string contents
as if that had been code that existed
at that point in the compilation.
So when we compile this code,
we would see that the function foo,
defined from lines three through six,
we would see that that function does
not have a variable called bar in it.
Everybody would agree with that, right?
There's no variable called bar in it.
So when I execute line five,
I would expect what?
I would expect for it to go out to the
global scope and get this value bar here.
But because we choose to pass
in a variable declaration
in the form of a string and eval will
run it on line four, it cheats it and
it pretends that that line of
code had existed at compile time.
So in a sense what it does is it modifies
the existing lexical scope of foo
to add a new declaration to it at runtime.
Does everybody see how that works?
It cheated by modifying what
would have otherwise been a write
time author time lexical decision,
it cheated and modified it at runtime.
Guess what happens when you start
cheating the optimizations in
the JavaScript engine.
Your code starts to go slower because
any time that the JavaScript engine sees
the eval keyword in any of your program,
it has to assume that the scope of that
function as well as the global scope,
it cannot optimize those lookups.
Because it has to assume the worst case,
that at runtime your going to
invalidate all of those assumptions.
So just simply doesn't do
the optimizations at all.
And when it doesn't do those
optimizations at lexical write time,
it makes your code run slower at runtime
just by virtue of having the eval present.
Even if you're not actually modifying it,
just by virtue of having it present,
it has to disable some
of those optimizations.
Can it do still some optimizations?
Yes, maybe.
But by virtue of putting eval in your
code, your code will tend to run slower.
Of all the arguments against the eval
keyword, to me that's the one
unequivocal argument against the eval is
that it would make your code run slower.
Now there is a nice silver lining to this,
that as of strict mode,
when you put a variable
inside of an eval like this,
it actually creates a whole new
scope just for the eval statement.
So yes it's creating a new scope but
it's not modifying an existing one,
which allows the engine to
continue to do its optimization.
So technically the strict mode code,
though it might break your assumption
about how things work, the strict mode
code is technically gonna run faster.
That's actually most of the reason
why they put stuff into strict mode.
It wasn't just about making better code,
it was about making more optimizable code.
Okay, I would suggest to you never
ever use the eval statement.
Now there are some people that argue that
eval is still a useful mechanism and
that we shouldn't throw it out and that
it should still be available to people.
So this is the way I teach it.
And everybody has their own
different opinions on it.
But the way that I teach it is
if you have to ask whether or
not it's okay to use the eval keyword,
the answer is no.
If you happen to be that one or couple of
people in the world that's in that one or
a couple of niche circumstances where
the eval key word is necessary,
you already know it and
you're not gonna ask anybody.
So I will provide you this
public service announcement.
I will provide you with
this public service.
From here on out,
if you ever find yourself asking,
should I use the eval keyword or not,
just give me a call, give me a tweet or
something, and
I'll remind you no you shouldn't use it.
This is the service that I
provide to all my students, okay?
So if you have to ask, don't use it.
>> Speaker 2: What about
the string set timeout syntax?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's
the exact same thing.
It uses the eval mechanism
underneath the covers.
It does the exact same thing.
[COUGH] Okay, so don't use eval.
Now I would be remiss if I didn't
give you some clues to what
might possibly be one
of those niche cases.
Remember, I said to you I
wrote a templating engine?
What dose the templating engine do?
It takes other code and
it produces new code from the other code.
And it produces it as a string value.
So now that I have a big old string of
JavaScript code that is the compiled
version of my template,
how do I turn that into running code?
Well there's one way to do that is
to have it saved into a file and
load that file into a script tag or
inject it or whatever.
The other way to do it is to eval it or
put a function constructor on it.
I actually use the function constructor
because it's better than eval.
But the templating engine is one
of those really small niche cases
where you might need it.
Maybe you need to do
some kind of weird ES6
feature testing thing inside of an eval.
There are really crazy corner niche cases.
But the vast majority of you are never,
ever, ever, ever,
ever gonna need to use eval.
So if you find yourself feeling
like you're in one of those cases,
you're probably not.
And you'll know it if you are.
Does that make sense?
Okay, now eval is one of
the ways that we cheat.
Turns out there's an even worse way
that we can cheat, like SQL scope.
There's a lot of different ways
that people teach this mechanism.
But anybody ever heard
of the with keyword?
So yeah.
>> Speaker 3: Sorry,
we had a question on
[CROSSTALK] set timeout.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay.
>> Speaker 3: Does that mean we should
avoid using that as well?
>> Kyle Simpson: You should avoid using
set timeout with the string syntax.
So you should never do set timeout,
quote and then calling a function.
Because that's code that will
get eval-ed at run time.
I use set timeouts all the time where
you give it a function reference.
That's a totally safe way.
But don't use the string syntax
as the parameter of set timeout.
>> Speaker 3: Got it, thank you.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, the with keyword.
Now there's a lot of
different ways to explain it.
Let me just kind of illustrate to you
why the with keyword can be useful,
what was the reasoning behind
inventing the with keyword.
I've got an object called
obj there on line one.
He's got some properties like a,
b and c, these values.
And then I've got code
like lines seven and
eight where I want to do a bunch of
operations with those properties.
So you see that I'm kind of verbosely
repeating the obj dot reference over and
over and over again.
And that's really kind of annoying,
all right?
So what if there was a way
to sort of shorthand that?
And it turns out the with keyword
is how we can shorthand that.
We can say with obj, and now inside of
that block we assume that all of those
variables are actually meaning to
represent properties of our object.
So we can just say a equals b plus c and
so forth.
And so
we kind of shorthand our way through it.
People that do code golfing competitions
and JS1k, they use the with keyword a lot.
So it can make shorter code.
It certainly can make it nice,
easier code.
There are some problems with
the with keyword though.
The first problem,
kind of the major one that people
point out, is that we see line 13.
Look what's happening there.
I'm basically saying d equals 3,
what's my intent?
My intent clearly is I want to create
a d property on the obj object, right?
But that's not how it works,
that's not what it does.
Guess what actually happens
when I run line 13.
>> Speaker 2: Hey, object,
you got a reference to [CROSSTALK]
>> Kyle Simpson: It says,
hey object you got a reference because
it's actually treating this with
statement as a lexical scope.
And it's gonna behave by the exact
same rules of lexical scope that
we already learned.
So it's gonna say,
hey scope of with statement obj,
do you have a variable called d?
And what's his answer gonna be?
Go fish, so he's gonna go to the outer
scope, which in this case is the global,
and he's gonna say, hey global
scope I've got an LHS reference for
a variable called d, ever heard of him?
And what's the answer gonna be?
Yeah, I just made one for you.
So I created autoglobals.
Here I didn't want to
create an autoglobal.
But because it didn't already exist.
When I say on line, this is a typo.
That should've been c equals b minus a.
But when I say it on line 11, when I
say a, well I'm assigning the value in.
So the property already exists.
And the lexical lookup works,
and it works correctly.
But when I make a reference like line 13,
that variable doesn't exist yet.
And it creates it out on the outer scope.
So that's reason enough to
avoid the with statement,
is that easy foot gun of
creating autoglobals.
But that's not even the worst thing.
Because I'd say that the with
keyword is even more evil than eval.
And the reason for
that is because where the eval keyword
was modifying an existing lexical scope,
the with keyword at runtime is creating
a whole new lexical scope at runtime.
So it's doing even more to
invalidate your assumptions
at write time of what your
scoping rules look like.
And guess what happens when the compiler
sees a with keyword in your code.
It has to assume the worst, and
it disables many of its optimizations.
So in the same way that I'd say
with eval you should avoid it,
you should avoid the with keyword.
And in fact,
as of strict mode the with keyword
is completely disallowed altogether.